README.md, before:

# Missing Potions!

![Missing Potions](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/7c91a04a17a79fe76354931d0765de268216acd9.png)

Adds more potions to the game, all of which use existing vanilla effects.

This mod is fairly vanilla friendly and allows you to disable certain potions if you don't want them.

## New Potions

- Potion of **Levitation** (_Awkward Potion_ -> Shulker Shell)
- Potion of **Decay** (_Awkward Potion_  -> Wither Rose)
- Potion of **Nausea** (_Awkward Potion_  -> Poisonous Potato)
- Potion of **Glowing** (_Awkward Potion_  -> Glow Inc Sac)
- Potion of **Blindness** (_Awkward Potion_  -> Ink Sac)
- Potion of **Luck** (_Thick Potion_ -> Rabbit's Foot)

 
## Default Configuration
``` 
["Configs for More Potions (Note: These will still show up in the creative menu, but disabling them here will disable the ability to brew them"]

		#Should the levitation potion be enabled?
		LEVITATION_POTION_ENABLED = true
		#Should the decay (wither) potion be enabled?
		DECAY_POTION_ENABLED = true
		#Should the nausea potion be enabled?
		NAUSEA_POTION_ENABLED = true
		#Should the luck potion be enabled?
		LUCK_POTION_ENABLED = true
		#Should the glowing potion be enabled?
		GLOWING_POTION_ENABLED = true
		#Should the blindness potion be enabled?
		BLINDNESS_POTION_ENABLED = true
```

Credit to [KaupenJoe](https://github.com/Kaupenjoe) for the amazing Forge / Fabric tutorials. I am using his Forge tutorial repository as a base. (that is why he shows up on the contributors list)

Project maintained from now on (2026) by [Titan1um](https://github.com/T1taniumF0rge) and his [team](https://github.com/T1taniumF0rge-Industries-Inc)

---
Check out my other mods/datapacks here:

<a href="https://modrinth.com/datapack/unpackableminecarts"><img src="https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/a5543cbd38685aa92155dc2c42f82f54c44d848e.png" width="576" height="324"> </a>

Commit message:

Update README with config file location details
Added information about the configuration file location for the mod.

README.md, after:

# Missing Potions!

![Missing Potions](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/7c91a04a17a79fe76354931d0765de268216acd9.png)

Adds more potions to the game, all of which use existing vanilla effects.

This mod is fairly vanilla friendly and allows you to disable certain potions if you don't want them.

## New Potions

- Potion of **Levitation** (_Awkward Potion_ -> Shulker Shell)
- Potion of **Decay** (_Awkward Potion_  -> Wither Rose)
- Potion of **Nausea** (_Awkward Potion_  -> Poisonous Potato)
- Potion of **Glowing** (_Awkward Potion_  -> Glow Inc Sac)
- Potion of **Blindness** (_Awkward Potion_  -> Ink Sac)
- Potion of **Luck** (_Thick Potion_ -> Rabbit's Foot)

 
## Default Configuration
The configuration file for the mod will most likely be located in the `/config(s)` folder of your world folder!

``` 
["Configs for More Potions (Note: These will still show up in the creative menu, but disabling them here will disable the ability to brew them"]

	# Should the levitation potion be enabled?
	LEVITATION_POTION_ENABLED = true
	# Should the decay (wither) potion be enabled?
	DECAY_POTION_ENABLED = true
	# Should the nausea potion be enabled?
	NAUSEA_POTION_ENABLED = true
	# Should the luck potion be enabled?
	LUCK_POTION_ENABLED = true
	# Should the glowing potion be enabled?
	GLOWING_POTION_ENABLED = true
	# Should the blindness potion be enabled?
	BLINDNESS_POTION_ENABLED = true
```

Credit to [KaupenJoe](https://github.com/Kaupenjoe) for the amazing Forge / Fabric tutorials. I am using his Forge tutorial repository as a base. (that is why he shows up on the contributors list)

Project maintained from now on (2026) by [Titan1um](https://github.com/T1taniumF0rge) and his [team](https://github.com/T1taniumF0rge-Industries-Inc)

---
Check out my other mods/datapacks here:

<a href="https://modrinth.com/datapack/unpackableminecarts"><img src="https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/a5543cbd38685aa92155dc2c42f82f54c44d848e.png" width="576" height="324"> </a>
